Last time on Sonic X,
as part of a plan to
capture Dr. Eggman,
the President created
a combat contest
with a gem of a prizeâa
Chaos Emerald.
As the battling began,
the Commander-in-Chief got
clobbered by a knight,
and the other competitors
duked it out
in a series of kooky clashes.
The odds-on-favorite was Sonic
'til he found out he had
to face off against Amy!
But the uncomfortable
confrontation was avoided when
Eggman butted into the battle.
Now it's down to the
final eight fighters.
Who will prevail and
pick up the Emerald?
Find out next on Sonic X!
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
Keep away from me!
[Gasp]
[Yelling]
[Grunt]
Please, Chris, I don't
want to fight you.
I don't understand, Tails.
Why is Knuckles running away?
Knuckles probably
doesn't want to fight
'cause he's afraid that
Chris is gonna get hurt.
CHRIS: Let's go, Knuckles!
No!
Why won't Knuckles fight?
Quit running away!
I won't! Cut it out!
Come on and fight me!
I'm not gonna fight you!
Hey!
[Yelling]
CHRIS: [Grunts]
SCARLET: That Chris Thorndyke certainly is brave.
TAILS: Especially when the
other guy's running away.
Why don't you just
forfeit so I can win?
Okay, but look who's
in the next round.
Hmm?
Oh.
I'd have to fight Amy or Rouge?
Uh...!
Rouge will do anything to
win that Chaos Emerald.
And if Amy gets mad enough,
she'll knock me out of the stadium.
There's no way to win.
[Gulp]
[Groans]
My appendix! Get me a doctor!
Knuckles moves on.
I think you made a
very wise move, Chris.
Yeah.
I see you have your
mom's acting talent.
[Laughing]
Mr. Stewart, how would
you rate your opponent?
[gasp] Franklin? What
are you doing here?
I just look like me!
Ah! My cover's been blown!
Brace yourself, my little friend.
I am going to stick it to you!
[Yelling]
[beeping]
Hya!
[Beeping]
Ha!
Oh, no.
Ah!
I think I'm on the wrong
end of that stick.
Ohhhh...!
I give up.
[Applause]
Yay, Emerl!
Chao chao!
[Bell rings]
Let's go!
This oughta be interesting.
[Grunting]
[Both grunting]
I'd really be going to the hospital
if I'd messed with one of them.
Aaah!
[Panting]
This just proves a hammer's
no match for a bat.
[Frustrated yell]
SCARLET: We're down
to the final four now.
Emerl versus Lucky, and
Knuckles against Rouge.
[Both panting]
I need a break!
Do not stop!
They are gaining on us!
[Panicked moans]
You won't get away!
If you want to keep up with me,
you'd better take flying lessons!
SCARLET: The semifinals begin with
the showdown between robotic rivals.
[Arrogant beeping]
It looks like Lucky's grandstanding
has used up his power supply.
Emerl is the winner!
[Crowd cheers]
That means Emerl's made
it to the final round!
Yay!
Chao!
[Bell rings]
Knuckles is a heavy hitter,
but when it comes to brainpower,
he's a real lightweight.
I'll have to figure out
some way to outsmart him.
That's the only way of getting my
hands on that gorgeous Emerald.
I've got it!
Hey, Knuckles,
maybe you and I oughta settle
this little thing in private.
In private?
Mm. Just you and me.
Hey! We paid to see some action!
[Crowd commotion]
I can't see a thing in here.
Rouge, how am I supposed to fight?
Like this!
[Sounds of fighting]
Haha!
We don't have any way of knowing
who's winning the match right now,
but it sounds like Knuckles
and Rouge are in a slugfest.
Who do you think is winning, Tails?
Bats have sonar ability to
sense things in the dark,
so I'm pretty sure that
Rouge has the edge here.
[Both grunting]
[Sounds of fighting]
ROUGE: Ha ha! Sweet dreams, Knuckles!
[Crowd commotion]
[Crowd cheers]
Things get intense in tents,
but I'm still standing!
SCARLET: Rouge the Bat is
on her way to the finals!
ROUGE: [Groaning] Ugh!
TAILS: [Gasp] Hey, wait!
I guess I stood up to her.
Knuckles is moving on
to the final round!
[Crowd cheers]
Go away!
You're like a wad of
bubble gum I've sat on,
and no matter how hard
I try to shake you off,
you stick to my tail!
I'm not gonna let you get away!
I don't know what
new plan is brewing
in that messed-up mind of yours,
but I won't rest till I stop ya!
Well, my latest and greatest
scheme is so brilliantly planned
in every detail, that not even
a loose cannon like you
can blast it apart!
Sure, that's what
you always say, Doc.
You think you're funny, don't you?
Well, this time, I'm gonna
crack you up,
once and for all!
Okay, Eggman, it's game time!
[grunt]
[Yelling]
Oof!
Well! Looks like I
hit a grand slam.
[Still screaming]
ANNOUNCER: And now,
ladies and gentlemen,
it's time for the final match.
The winner will take
home a Chaos Emerald.
In this corner, we have the world's
toughest fistfighterâKnuckles!
And in this corner, we have the master
of computerized combatâEmerl!
Go show everybody you're
number one, Emerl!
Chao chao!
With fighters this closely matched,
I'd say we're in for the most
grueling bout of the tournament.
Aaaahh!
[Grunt]
Ha!
[Grunt] Ha! Ungh!
[Chuckling]
Come on, Emerl!
[Yelling]
Hey, knock it off! [Grunt]
Emerl copied that from Sonic!
Aaaaahhhh!
[Yelling]
[Yelling continues]
[Thud]
Oof.
[Grunting]
Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow!
Knuckles is totally
outmatched, Grandpa.
Looks like Knucklehead won't be
winning the Chaos Emerald either.
Aah!
Poor Knuckles is hurt!
He could use a hankie!
Chao!
Here!
That's it! Knuckles gives up!
[Bell clanging]
Our winner is Emerl!
[Groaning]
[Frustrated growl]
No! He thought my hankie
was a white flag!
Please wait, sir!
There's been a mistake!
I was trying to help Knuckles!
He didn't quit the match, honest!
But I did quit.
Huh?
Chao! Chao chao chao chao chao!
I feel a lot better now
that I know you didn't lose
the match because of me.
Hmph.
Not bad, Emerl.
We'll have to have another match
when I'm not feeling so beat.
I deserve some credit since I'm
the one who wore Knuckles out.
[Crowd cheering]
Now it's time to present the
grand prize to our champion.
That's you, Emerl!
Go up and get your Chaos Emerald!
Then everybody will cheer for
you, and you can take a bow.
Let's hear it for Emerl!
[Crowd cheering]
Congratulations, Emerl.
That was great!
[Beeping]
Bring the award.
The Chaos Emerald that the president
is presenting to our winner
is the most valuable prize ever
awarded in a sporting competition.
Emerl, as we build a fighting
force to combat Dr. Eggman,
your victory is an inspiration
to all our fighting robots.
[Beeping]
I could've snatched
that Chaos Emerald
if it wasn't for
you two lead heads.
Why is it our fault?
Why do we always end up
losing the blame game?
Hmm.
Speaking of games...
[All yell]
On behalf of the whole nation,
I congratulate Emerl.
[Crowd cheering]
[Electricity crackles]
[All gasp]
[Explosion]
[Crowd screams]
[Explosions]
Emerl, is there something
that made you angry?
Why are you attacking everybody?
[Grunting]
[Beeping]
Oof!
Ah!
Aah!
Stop, before it's too late!
[Gasping]
I'll save you!
[Screaming]
Emerl, that's it! I
can't be your friend!
I'll knock Emerl out so we
can open up his control panel
and check out why
he's malfunctioning!
Aaaaahhh!
[Sounds of fighting]
Aah!
Sonic, come help me!
Oof!
[Grunting]
Emerl, this isn't a game!
You've got to stop right now,
or somebody is going to get hurt!
Aah!
Cream, look out!
Are you okay, Cream?
I am.
[Crowd yelling]
He's gaining on us!
Look out!
Why is he acting this way?
My guess is that the Chaos Emerald
suddenly caused Emerl's memory
unit to re-program itself.
But I don't have any idea
how, or why, it happened.
Can't we just fix Emerl and
change him back to the
way he was before?
That would be very tough.
Wow!
It looks like Emerl was a big
hit in this neighborhood.
He is a real blockbuster.
Emerl was designed to destroy.
He was built a long time
ago as a combat robot.
And when he got that Chaos Emerald,
its tremendous energy activated
his original programming and
changed him from a nice, docile
robot into a mean machine.
[Evil laughter]
Hmm.
I'm ready to fight you again.
Only this time, I'm
adding a little twist!
Huh!
[Grunt]
CHUCK: Emerl's copying ability
gives him a huge advantage.
Knuckles' fighting
skills don't matter.
Emerl can match him blow for blow.
When Knuckles attacks
with all his might,
he gets attacked
with the same force.
It's almost like he's
fighting against himself.
He can't win.
Give it up and give
us a shot, Knuckles.
I still have a chance.
Yeah, a chance of windin'
up in the hospital.
Let us handle this.
I am not a quitter!
I'll stop that robot!
[Both growling]
[Gasp]
Amy!
You saved me again, Sonic!
Oof!
Not that I needed saving!
[Grunting]
That robot must have some weakness.
I'm gonna take Emerl apart!
Let me have a crack
at him first, Tails!
[Groaning]
Sorry.
That's okay.
[Grunting]
Oof!
[Grunt]
Well, now what?
Maybe if all three of
us fight it at once.
It's our only chance.
I'll cut him off!
Then we strike!
Right!
I'm scared, Mama.
Chao!
I hope they know what
they're doing, Chuck.
I don't trust that Emerl.
That robot's extremely clever.
Where do you think Emerl's
running to, Grandpa?
Hey, I bet I know!
He's leading Sonic
straight to the sea!
[All panting]
Aah!
[Panting]
Sorry, boys, I can't
keep up with ya.
Uh-oh!
[All panting]
I bet Emerl led them to the sea
'cause he knows Sonic
doesn't like water!
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Woah! [Grunts]
Sonic, be careful!
Let's go, Cheese!
Chao chao!
Wo-woah!
[grunt]
Thanks, Cream.
I know how much you
hate to get wet.
[Yelling] [Grunt]
Knuckles!
Emerl!
You just wrecked the city!
And you attacked my
mother and my friends!
I want to help you, Emerl,
but only if you promise
not to hurt anybody else.
Do you?
Chao! chao!
[Beeping]
[Electricity crackles]
No!
[Screaming]
Huh?
That was a real close one.
Oof.
He's almost as tough as me.
[Groaning]
[Whimpering]
Chaooo!
Hyaa!
Whoa!
Chaooooooo!
Whoa! They're tough!
But how could they hurt Emerl?
They're just a couple of squirts,
but they've got that robot swamped.
Hyaa!
Chao!
Haa!
Emerl can only copy the skills
of one opponent at a time!
If you work together,
he'll be overwhelmed!
That might work!
Whaddaya say?
I'll try anything to
knock off that knock-off.
SONIC: No.
Why not?
Rouge and I can take him easy
if we attack him together.
Yeah, I know.
But I think we should let
Cream and Cheese handle this.
Now, let's go!
Chao chao!
Emerl, I wish I didn't
have to do this.
[Gasp]
Bye, Chris!
[Laughter]
Aaah!
[Beeping]
[Crying]
Chao chao chao!
Chao, chao, chao, chao!
Don't cry, Cheese. We had to do it.
Chao chao chao!
Aah!
[Crying]
Goodbye, Emerl.